Update eks-managed-nodes.md (#3653)
weaveworks/eksctl: userdocs/src/usage/eks-managed-nodes.md

$ eksctl create nodegroup --managed
```

> Tip : if you are using only one *`YOUR_CLUSTER.yaml`* file to describe your whole cluster, describe your new managed node group in its `managedNodeGroups` directive and run\:

Reviewer: I think this is more clear:

```suggestion
Tip : if you are using a `ClusterConfig` file to describe your whole cluster, describe your new managed node group in its `managedNodeGroups` field and run\:
```

```console

> $ eksctl create nodegroup --config-file=YOUR_CLUSTER.yaml'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ eksctl create nodegroup --config-file=YOUR_CLUSTER.yaml
```

> $ eksctl create nodegroup --config-file=YOUR_CLUSTER.yaml --include='YOUR_MANAGEDNODEGROUP_NAME'

Reviewer: By default, `eksctl create nodegroup` detects non-existing nodegroups and creates them, so `--include` can be omitted. 

```suggestion
$ eksctl create nodegroup --config-file=YOUR_CLUSTER.yaml'
```
